---
id: doc1
title: Intuit Scheduler App
---

## Project Description

The Intuit Scheduling app is designed to help improve work management environments and employee satisfaction in a workplace by providing functionalities and features that increase productivity and efficiency. The main objective of this app is to provide an aesthetically pleasing platform capable of handling the majority of scheduling tasks for workforces of any size. The scheduling app is intended to provide a more efficient way for managers to automatically generate work schedules for employees. Traditionally, managers would gather availability from employees and then manually generate a work schedule that satisfies everyone. This requires a huge amount of time and effort. The purpose of the scheduling app is to remove that issue and make it as effortless for the scheduling of employees for managers as possible. In addition, with the pandemic happening in the world right now, businesses would need a way to keep track of employee’s covid test results for better trace tracking and to maintain a safe and healthy workplace. A functionality that the scheduling app could provide is a database to keep track of each employee’s covid test results so if someone were to receive a positive test, managers are able to see which other employees that they potentially came in contact with. Additionally, this feature can also be used in a generalized sense where it can record the general health of employees. Furthermore, some additional features include the ability for employees to rate shifts based on their desirability and the feature to determine employee quality during shifts. These features will aid in the creation of a better and efficient workforce because it will allow us to match high quality employees with desirable shifts therefore, creating an incentive for employees to continually improve their performance. Additionally, reports should also be generated every pay period in order for managers to be able to analyze employee performance and make any adjustments necessary to continually improve the performance of the business as a whole.
